Issue:	Battery not charging
Reason:	Vcc on both sides of PCB was not connected.
Solution:	Wire jumper placed on Vcc track
Tags: battery, jumper, Vcc

---

Issue:	Controller not being powered
Reason:	Jumper to monitor current was wired on CS [had tracks], but open on TS [no tracks]
Solution:	Removed copper tracks across 2-pin jumper on CS.
Tags:	power-supply, jumper, Vcc, ATmega328

---

Issue:	Button extending beyond board
Reason:	Foot-print not wide enough
Solution:	Placed 0.8 X 5 mm surface rectangle tracks, parallel, 5 mm apart
Comment:	Please check by placing button on printout
Tags: button, pcb-area-management

---

Issue:	ESP ground disconnect
Reason:	ESP-01 ground pin on both sides of PCB was not connected.
Solution:	Wire jumper pulled out seperately for ESP-01 ground pin.
Tags: ESP, jumper, gnd-loops

---

Issue:	No room for mounting
Reason:	PCB fits completely on 30 X 27 mm leaving no margin at all
Solution:	Board made 30X30 with 4 mounting holes in each corner
Tags: pcb-area-management

---

Issue:	Arrangement of 'interactive' components
Reason:	Problems for arranging and clubbing such components together on product case
Solution:	 Rearrange the components for USB on the bottom side, button on the top side, LED and RGB on the either side
Comment:	 PCB is now circular in size for design purposes
Tags:	pcb-area-management, pcb-&-design

---

Issue:	Excessive space consumption on board
Reason:	Three headers: 1 microUSB header, 3X2 2.54 pitch headers, 2X4 2.54 pitch headers
Solution:	Charging to be done by Vin and GND of USB. ISP-header removed. microUSB uses D+ and D- as MOSI and MISO respectively. The RST and SCK pins have been pulled-out at seemingly random locations - expected insertion of male berg strip.
Comment:	The ESP header could be replaced by ribbon cables to save on through-hole area - 2X4 2.54/2.54 pitch
Tags: pcb-area-management

---

Issue:	When should the controller enter debug mode
Reason:	As previously decided, the controller could enter debug mode whenever USB was plugged in. This created certain more load on controller and power.
Solution:	A jumper which pulls a PCINT pin high, which would then trigger the debug.Write() function.
Tags:	jumper, debug-mode

---
